Hi guys, in this video I want to show
you how to generate unlimited videos for
free using VU3.1.
Okay, first thing first,
go to the drone.
Okay, search for business Gemini video
business.co Google
business.gate.
Okay. And the first link after that we
have to sign in with your Google
account.
Okay. After signing with Google account,
you can generate video by click here and
let's add the prompt from CH GPT.
Let's generate three videos later.
White
Bib use
and
using
V3.1.
Okay, let's copy the first point and
let's see the result.
test
is thinking.
Okay, fine. The video is uh generated
and let's see the result
between Google and this character. I
don't know
it generate this 8 seconds video. Let's
see the second one. Realistic merch
chars street.
Paste the prompt right here.
And let's wait some time.
Okay, fine. The second video video is
generate and let's see
video 3.1. This looks better for
realistic videos than anime videos.
Let's see the third one. Fantasy world
fight.
Submit.
Okay, fine. It's red.
Okay, let's see the pros and the cons of
this uh website. The pros of this
website with V3.1, you can generate
unlimited videos for 3 days for free.
After that you have to pay $21
or you can uh create another account
when new map won't get 30 days for free.
The cons of that and the inconvenient
that the time between one video and to
generate video is
8 seconds only
and the time of generating is between 1
to three minutes. But there is another
cons. You can still uh generate thinking
between five uh unit and you have no
result. Okay, thank you guys for
watching this all for this tutorial. See
you later on the next tutorial.
Subscribe for the channel for more
videos like